our first guest tonight is here under
protest and I will never hear the end of
asking him to come but I did because he
is the greatest radio host in history
where you can hear on Sirius XM every
day please welcome the incredible Howard
Stern
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you you look great Brooklyn I
can't wait for cardi B to get out yo my
segments over yet are you excited for
eternity I'm excited for carding that's
why I really came tonight I don't really
care about Jimmy I like cardi B and look
at that
I can't believe Paul Shaffer is here my
god I'm back what happened to this guy
I mean I thought after Letterman
something something some kind of gig
some kind of job would have popped up
now he's stuck here I'm doing a mini
resident here and this poor got this
poor bastard clean oh is his name but
your band leader yes it's like Paul took
over like you don't even see clean Owen
why would you do that to pork you know
gonna happen they're gonna go back to LA
they're gonna push Clete outside and get
Questlove I'm telling you listen I
watched you last night he did great to
have you in Brooklyn you're supposed
home I am friendly with Jimmy I don't
have too many friends but that that's
how Jimmy got me out here he says look
my producer is gonna call you yes
there's no pressure in any of this right
I'm going to tell you right now you do
not need to do the show I'm just telling
you if you want to do it you can do it
who the hell can say no to that but I'm
done I want to win Otis said no to that
I couldn't because you're such a great
guy he's such a lovely girl
but I gotta tell you well I hate doing
talk I know you do yeah so unnatural
everyone evaluates you how did he do was
he funny bright well his pants down was
he fart man he wasn't fart man he wasn't
good enough and it makes my new Rosie's
crazy I know
yes but but listen but now you're out
here do you feel happy to be you know I
am miserable
I want cardi B to come out go ahead but
I watched your producer said to me yeah
please watch Jimmy with David Letterman
okay and you know of course I watched
last night as all of you did and and
they you said nothing could be better
than having David Letterman on I'm
Stevie Wonder and Stevie was right I
said why am i coming out but listen do
you feel any sense of jealousy when I
talk about David Letterman yeah well I
do because I feel I have been a greater
influence in your life but somehow I
don't know whether it's embarrassment or
you get more bang for your buck when you
say Letterman was your hero but you got
into radio that's how you got started I
got started in radio and I was your hero
you still are my hero Howard make no
mistake about but but the thing of it is
I'm watching the show last night
yeah you know you're fawning over Dave
when you retired you gave me your
neckties you sent me all of your
neckties that you are on the show right
so I brought you a gift oh you did I
brought you a gift that's why I brought
out this bag oh you wrap all of my dirty
laundry this is my this is my underwear
my socks buy t-shirts and even my farm
we'll give that
and you get that oh yeah let's say
that's it's my my heart our I love
Howard
all right well definitely where'd you
can do it you can pick through this yes
your favorites you can wear them and
they whatever you don't use you send
back I will okay thank you so much for
this there's no neckties really a
wonderful wonderful gift you have but
this is exciting it's exciting to be hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe this invisible hamster
will die